To get a notification from again. store, There is always two calls. I think the first call is only done on the order, the creating the riskified in, like, it is like, creating all the risk right in the first. Then placing order in the risky second. We check that is two calls. So in the first school, we need to be sure that is done on the checkout bundle you play store. I think on that call we should Absolute in the order. That's flexed. Okay. Or the receipt by. Justified through false. If it doesn't received, we should not process anything for the Even I didn't send a notification or something, you know. The first we need to know that all is received for this API fails and you well, so that should be done on the checkout of family. From from the front and the customer place and see the success page. Very we created all the risky. So there you will have a flat. That is checking If that API fails, then there will be another job. We'll do the same thing until get that creation of ordering the risky Fridays, successful, that we need to get them success. Message from least that is the first part. then out of the second part is very add in to say, okay disorder is successful now While we get the successful orbit and I didn't notification, but you can't go away from school from idea. And that step we found another. That in that step you get actual at least you fight placement. Okay, this all this Place. Now, risky fights, you can process stories. Acceptable. It is very proud or not. So once this one, when you send this to risky but you will just wait riskified again like that to make the callback. so, And that's the quest. You should also accept this attribute again. So if they so basically every time you get in success you will not be the flag from the Therapist. So this world is already. So basically the first Order is received by the securified? Yes, true second is all this. Place that risky fight yesterday. So, both should be True gang order should go to the next step. So if it's fails, it should have another job. Because that is a That you cannot process all the without that flag. That should try it again. Once again, like in every after five minutes until getting this, all these sent risky success, And this should be. Solution. because, Yeah, no salt. And there are two parts of the risky. Fine. So first you sent the order. So it's quite received order but it won't process anything. It says, okay? This is all the time you will send place or like processed or the request risky and that is done after you get notification from Not on the checkout. That is a postal process. Okay, but about this new retribute to to flag that and why we can't use the, the current attributes for adding. I mean, once we get successfully creation, we we have the transaction number of the the risky risk view transaction number on attribute of the order. So if you have that, we know it was successful. I mean attribute is just one thing that little you need a place to check it, but It can be. The first as I said, there are two calls so you can use any attribute for use the existing. Months. It doesn't matter, very good storage but it's more about once. On the checkout because there is no blocker. Now at the checkout. So you send all that in the risky point and you just continue showing the success message and do nothing because that's just you get Or do everything looks fine. Now, we solder will be processed and we will decide in the backend and there are two parties. Disadvant one is the idea countries. Then we wait for that into sample to riskify again. So, once again is You the first part is clear, right? The first part that when the on the checkout user and they see the success message we send or the truth. This is an order. It's successfully place. Keep this done. In order to start doing the backend process, the postcode process where they add in cold Salesforce, okay? It's all these authorized. Now you can process or place whatever you want. and we get success message from adding, In the postal versus not check out. Then we send a placement, all the placements to Riskify. We say, Okay. You already created order in this fight. Now I didn't say success, please. Process this for project. so then, Risk. If I do approach project and risk, if I do make a call to Salesforce Through the bedroom. Okay, I processes continue for the temperature. and when we get the success message from, Not for the message from Rescue Point, we do the temperature called radium and because back to, OMS. So that, that two calls from Riskified. We should collect something new attribute or reviews and existing acts with, but we should know that. Should be used for this purpose only. And if that is no success, please try this every five minutes or Even in the post order process tries, the postal that I believe around every minute and there is, but that job is quite doing multiple things at the same time. So I prefer not to do it. On that level. just don't touch anything on download because this means Testing other things as well. So we should have separate things if anything is not. Successful received by this riskified. But this is just for the kids control orders. Nothing place in anti store, because Those are never go to risky, right? We hold this if I successfully received order than process if it is successful, place the music right down process. So if not, then we're trying to send it. That should be okay. Okay, so let me check if I understand the second part. Risk field. Send some Not successful. Messages for cells, for example, that the order was considered the failure throughout. For example, this part is Our red existed. So if you, if you got some crowd message, we will you cancel the order and not captured that. So just in order to produces just more, To do the API identify capital? Yes, or not and interests and really so that is, this is what really mean, if an API fails to get them, Okay, and if I send it again, like, times agreement. So if it fails things right again, Never happens. okay, but just for the first part to create the order there, Yes. That's all right, because if you can't skip all this, if I will not process, always. Yeah. The first you need to create more. And obviously, I also said. okay, but one thing more for this case, On. On the front end the on the checkout. Even, even that his field transaction is not created. The customer will We will see. That the the place or the successful for that time. but, On on backage, we will. Hadley managed, that order. And if we have two cancel after that, the customer will receive your messaging performing that you already was cancel it. Right. Yes. I mean we are not changing anything in the user form usually because yeah, you just and on board the processing. We are not decided here if So, you have a difference program today. Amazing yet. All the process or the network is accessible. To capture them and doing what step in the first order. We need to get all these two flags through that despite policy. And I mean it is my professor of saving the cross, okay? I don't so much. And okay. Okay, so I I'm trying to remember in the left meeting with. We checked the logs, the notes, the notes for the the order and we couldn't see any if you blogs or I'm wrong. You couldn't see any. And risk feud logs, the the callback from refute. So, I don't, I'm not sure that we we got failed. message from risk field because as I remember, we was without any risk field. Go back message. If you're not, welcome cases. That I Yes, really beautiful attempt. So another set of orders there was no risky fight, log at all in the notes, that means there was no risk if I call it and that's the case with Salman suggested to add additional logs, to find out why it's having And that is why we have been nice at all. So that means, Send a message is not. That. Yeah. Documentation. Maybe there's a list. There is a query that if all these is better or you get bored, for example. For example your samples it is right? And after that you make the emulator keys orders, this is by, you know, you can have we get all the Bible right or some Johannesburg. And if that's just, I don't know. And you can also put this in the Job. That's really tried you. Okay? If if this control if this and any point existed it will be much is that it's not process of. Yes. Yeah you mean this all the information? yeah, that's giving any information and it will also give you He turns? No, I mean, or not around basic, that is not discussion, so and you can send it again. That's a bill for additional check on this. Retry party. Okay, but do you think you have to to have some setting attribute for For limitation, I might limit the number of the attempts. Yeah, I mean like that. Exactly. See Delete rice If it's the health, I should be something else in this game, right? API is down or okay. Another content. It was an email is always cannot digitize after three weeks, Okay? It's really traditional process because these little something just and you should keep the job really land as well against time. After completely, glad you can Colorado, organs. And Emails. Support you. okay, so, the last thing you I would like to ask you is about Where where did okay? I have to check in the code, where the IPO go to created. His transaction is triggered because Oh yeah, there's one in the checkout confirmation with this place before placing four glass agile. I was initial. but, Controllers, please. And learning is on that process. So when there is a okay this little fireplace Right. Places. Okay. Okay, I I owe you actually, I owe you check and I can send you on like just to make sure that's how you will be working on the correctly, please. And also take this as you might recommendation of. Anything that we can clearly? And all those received are not. On there. And that also, Practically know that. Really, and Okay. Okay, I think I think I have quite five my my thoughts but of course, I have to investigate in And work on that. But for now I think you Like, after the number of free atoms is passed three times. Like we are going to cancel the order, right? And then cancellation email is sent to the customer that the order is canceled and nothing more will be done on that order. Yeah. There's no need to again, keep track of those orders and reattempt again, right? Okay. Telling me, as I mean sometimes is a Stuff about something else. Yeah, that should be fine. Okay. Okay, so I think it's, it's all for now. Before it's starting to work that after that, I will maybe have more questions but for now. Okay. And I think we can align homes, like it's okay. Yeah, sure. Okay. I will I will wrote everything. We Call here and just to remember that and yeah we can catch up on more time about this when you have solution, maybe that's Why, before you start calling? Okay. Yeah. Okay. How you try it? So thank you, seven and thank you so much.